	The web has been developed for decades now. It has transformed the world and countless lives for better or worse. It is not possible today for virtually all jobs and daily activity to be done without employeeing the web one way or another. The wealth of knowledge that one can get with a click of a button is unreal and even life-saving at times. One of the drawbacks with the web is the lack of identity, which is definitely a two-edged sword, but one should argue that anonymity is ultimately worse for humanity and currently we lack a real solution to it. 

	The best thing about anonymity is that no one can be judged by anything but their words. Therefore one cannot be discrimminated against, as long as that user name does not carry a bad reputation. Even if so, the human can just create another user name and move on from the burdens of past mistakes. This ability to be undiscriminated-against and ease of moving on is what makes the web great to start with. Anyone can have a converstaion about anything by just the merit of exchange. There are countless friendships and relationships that start out this way. One can even find business opportunities this way too. The world is litearlly one's oyster.

	As the web evolved, people started realizing one thing: anyone on the web has the same voice is another regardlessly. It does not matter whether you are the president of United State or a highschool drop out from a city no one knows, your voice counts as one in the web. That is a problem, because as the web becomes bigger part of our lives, the voices that use to not affect us can now dramatically reshape our perception of life. 

	This is the double edge sword aforementioned. One's story can be as powerful as an accomplished TED talk speaker because of anonymity and wide reach of the platform, given that the story was well written. However, more likely than not, for every good stroy borne out of the web, there are ten-thousands more comments that are negative and unthought of. Therefore from a statistics point of view, one does not really benefit from uising the web, especially sites where the masses congregate like Twitter or Facebook. 

	Quite on the contrary, these soical media site have becomes hives of mediocrity echo chembers. Metaphorically speaking, it is as if the world's suffering and negative energy tsunami is always washing over us. There is no end to the world's suffering, it is a fundamental truth straightforwardly by Buddha and indirectly from the Bible. For any individual to even just read and glance at that darkness is suffocating. It is made worse by the natural animalistic tendency to take out frustrations on one another, especially since there is no direct consequence to oneself. It really is insane how any person can be on the web consistently for long periods of time every day. The human resilience is truly remarkable. To bear the evil intent of multiple users online and watch the cries of many other. It is no wonder why Buddha decided to abandoned everything he had and search for a truth that will relief of him this perception. 

	Anonmyity on the web gives everyone an equal voice. One cannot distinguish whether someone is saying something out of spite or out of pure truth. One cannot tell whether a statement is of an expert opinion or imagination. One cannot tell whether one's disillusioned or others are just pure evil. There should be accountability on the web. Some parts of the world are already moving on to this. Such as South Korea requiring identification number for certain account creation. China has social media monitoring, which is worrisome in its own right. However, even if there are accountability, the problem will then be the lack of consequence.

	If one says "I fucking hate you and I hope you die" in real life, one would immediately observe the receiver becomes very angry, extremely scared, or enormously sad. To receive that reaction is the consequence that keeps humanity in check. A consequence does not have to mean a punishment for an action, but an observation of the effect is enough. This feedback is important, because humans have to see and feel what an effect produces in order to really understand the product of a behavior. It is impossible to ignore an emotion of great magnitude. 

	However, even if somehow the web can develop emotional reception, the problem still remains as the abuser can simply turn his attention away with a click of a button. This is evident in live streams, where the comment section can have a few very toxic individuals. It is extremely difficult for the streamer to ignore the poisonous comments, they are like the dark spots on a white wall. The commenter can directly observe the effect of their words, the sadness or anger of the streamer is evident and it will be obvious when the commenter can attribute the effect to himself. If the negative feedback from the streamer is enough, then there will be no toxic commenter online. However the reality tells us otherwise. When the commenter can just laugh and turn his head away from the profound effect of his action, he will only laugh and continue his abuse. It is just like school bullying. Except in schools we can drag the bully out of the class and make him stare at the effect of his actions, if not already too late. 

	So the problem with web and anonymity is two fold. One is the lack of emotional feedback that can sufficiently synchronize the giver an receiver. The second is the ability to turn attention away whenever one feels the slightest guilt and continue perpetuating the evil action until evil becomes incoporated into personality and habits. To date, there is no good solution to this. As the problem is not with the influencers who put themselves out there with stake, but with the ones who will inundate the world with their negativity and mockery thinking there is no wrong in it or even enjoy the very suffering it produces. 