	I think what is wrong with the world, one aspect of it that is setting humanity back, is the prevalence of pseduo-logic. A pseduo logic is something that is based off wrong assumptions and extends into a full strcture that is seemingly indestrutible. One popular example can be the flat earther believers. If one were to watch a youtube video of them, one can see how a flawed idea can grow into a full blown belief. In their case, one of such flawed ideas may be that if one were to use a tool to measure whether a surface is flat or not, then extend that measurement over an extremely long distance, say a car drvie from west to east coast of the united states, and if the measurement during such travel have never changed, the Earth must be flat. The error in this extended hypothesis is the assumption that the measurement tool in use can actually measure the minuscule degree change when it is likely one degree per thousands miles. Such pseduo logic is toxic to the world, because not only it comes with the wrong conclusion, it is also extremely difficult to challenge and can bring about much extremism that ultimately devastate countless lives.

	The pseduo logic is difficult to challenge, because humanity has the basic perception that if someone can say a lot about a belief, and if the logic flows well mostly, then the belief must be correct. However, that is not how reality works. If a railway has a borken segment anywhere in the track, the train will derail and crash. It does not matter where the logic breaks, if it breaks, it breaks. The uncanny point of the pseudo logic is that if the breakage is at the beginnings of the flow, then it is very hard to detect. More skillful artists at this will even start off with a correct knowledge, one that is widely accepted even, and then insert a false idea shortly before the long tsunami of logic waves in. In other words, it is very easy to fall into this kind of trap and very hard to get out of it because one would have to trace back and point out where exactly the line breaks; if the break is half an inch out of a mile, it is very very hard to detect. What makes the matter worse is that often pseudo logic can come from a place of good will. This makes the rejection of such a proposal even harder, because there is an emotional hurdle for the rejector to go through. If a mother truly believes vaccine is not good for the child, how much can anyone fight against her until one gives up ?

	pseudo logic often brings up extremism because anyone has the capacity to extend a belief into the size of mount everest. This may sound crazy because everyone naturally believes that he is above average. However, if one looks at the internet and read the comments about any controversial topic, one cannot help but be amazed at the justifications sprung about. Go into any topic, however stupid or wicked, one will find justifications that are actually hard to argue against, whether it be flat earth or even mass murder. When anyone has such a realization, it is then amazing how the society has any strcture at all. If anything can stand tall and proud, how is that there are certain ideas that are just known to be better and accepted ? This is a matter of almost darwinian survival the fittest, an evolution of human ideologies. It is darwinian, because when one realizes how difficult it is to win against pseduo logic, it should be horrifying to realize that there is way too much to do that it is actually easier to oppress over the other. This is likely a place where the oppression so infamously came from. To argue against a person's false assumptions is hard when there is a build of seemingly indestructible evidence on top of it. It is therefore much easier to not find out where to attack, but just blow it up completely.

	However saddening this realization may be, what borne out of it is something tested and trustworthy. For an idea to survive the test of time and experimentation, it most likely is better enough than the others. This means that whenever an idea survives the tragedy, it is something we can relatively safely build on. Ideas do go through selection pressure just as much as living creatures do. This is what is commonly known as wisdom or lessons from history. These special concepts differ from others as that they do not appear any different from any other idea; just as tall and wide as others. More over, because of time passed, some people may even question it just because or discredit altogether. However this type of special concepts are really worthwhile to learn, because they are often just as easy to learn as any other idea, but they are certified by blood and sweat and its foundation may be so deep that going into it to understand completely is likely not meaningful enough.

	However the tricky thing about evolution is that, just as there are much more that did not make the cut, there are still a much sizable that do, just like cockroaches. When such ideas that survive, albeit wrong like flat Earth, it is then very difficult to get rid off. Such ideas have appeals and supports from numerous enough people that getting rid of it would mean a massacre, which is a line that should never be crossed. Even an idea that has failed millions of lives as communism, socialism, and marxism, there are still people left supporting it. This then becomes a mega pseudo logic problem. The foundation of it may be rotten, but there are so much strctures on top of it that the basis does not matter anymore. How then can anyone argue against it but with oppression ? This I do not know. 

	In other words the most one can do, as an individual, is to learn to spot the pseudo logic. There are certain characteristics of pseduo logic, such as its fragility at the beginning of its argument, a repeated theme that never fully justified but brain washes the listeners, or lack of predecessor support. For something like flat Earth, it is very easy to spot where the problem is at. For something grandiose like socialism, it is difficult. Once a person has such detection skill, it is then principle to remember that all ideas may be in some way necessary. For example, socialization of police, school, and fire department may be one of the great contributions to human progress. This makes the job of the practitioners even more difficult, because whether or not it is pseudo logic, once it has enough strcture, it actually does have some utility. It is when the pseudo logic grows too big and takes over that is the problem. Almost nothing is good when it is the sole belief and concept to follow. This will weaken the practitioner's ability to be confident and speak loudly. However the practitioner can tak solace in that he is doing the very best he can, to examine every single detail and aspect of argument, to not be content and lazy in thought, and be persistent in finding out the maximum good of the people. Instead of being a follower of belief, unexamined, and blindly pave ways for something he does not have a full grasp of. 